Docs update plugin install (#12970)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/partials/plugins/plugin-location.mdx

Upon initialization of Packer, all the installed plugins will be automatically discovered.

Packer plugins must be located under the `plugins` sub-directory under Packer's main config directory
[PACKER_CONFIG_DIR](/packer/docs/configure#packer-s-config-directory).
If `PACKER_CONFIG_DIR` is either unset or empty, a default value of `$HOME/.config/packer/plugins` on UNIX,
or `%APPDATA%\packer.d\plugins` for Windows, will be used.

> If the `PACKER_PLUGIN_PATH` environment variable is set, it will be used in stead of `PACKER_CONFIG_DIR/plugins`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `PACKER_PLUGIN_PATH` environment variable is set, it will be used instead of `PACKER_CONFIG_DIR/plugins`.
```

> -> **Note:** The `PACKER_PLUGIN_PATH` environment variable could be set to multiple directories in versions before 1.11.0.
> Trying to do this in versions 1.11.0 and above will error.

Reviewer: Slight rewrite. Also I don't see the error you mentioned in the text. Is this outside of the partial? 

If so we might want to include in the partial in case we decide to use this text elsewhere. 

```suggestion
-> **Note:** Prior to Packer 1.11 the `PACKER_PLUGIN_PATH` environment variable supported values containing  multiple directories. Starting with Packer 1.11 and later this variable will only support a single directory.
If you try setting it to multiple directories Packer will exit with the  above will error.
```

Author: Oh that's probably a phrasing issue on my part; I meant that with Packer version 1.11.0 and above/later, setting multiple paths will cause it to error, the error was never included in the example above. And I would leave it out honestly, we probably want to document the happy cases, not every error.
